Compare Powers.
1. Problem.
Original image: Fill the circle with greater than , less than , or equals.
Compare:.
1.005 to the power of 200 circle 2.
2. Solution 1: Use the Positive Terms in Expansion.
Write 1.005 as:.
1.005 equals 1 + 0.005.
So:.
1.005 to the power of 200 equals (1 + 0.005) to the power of 200.
When expanding, first look at the first two parts:.
(1 + 0.005) to the power of 200 equals 1 + 200 times 0.005 + 其他正项.
Because:.
200 times 0.005 equals 1.
Therefore:.
(1 + 0.005) to the power of 200 equals 1 + 1 + 其他正项 equals 2 + 其他正项 greater than 2.
Fill in: greater than.
3. Solution 2: Use the "At Least First Growth" Idea.
1.005 is 0.005 more than 1. Over 200 factors, the basic first-order growth already reaches:.
200 times 0.005 equals 1.
Considering only this growth gives:.
1 + 200 times 0.005 equals 2.
The actual power also includes more positive product terms, so it must be greater:.
1.005 to the power of 200 greater than 2.
Fill in: greater than.
4. Solution 3: Telescoping Product Method.
Solution 3 illustration: Compare 1.005 to the power of 200 with a telescoping product.
First write 1.005 as:.
1.005 equals 1 + 0.005 equals 1 + 1 over 200.
So:.
1.005 to the power of 200 equals (1 + 1 over 200) to the power of 200.
Because.
1 + 1 over 200 greater than 1 + 1 over 201 greater than 1 + 1 over 202 greater than and so on greater than 1 + 1 over 399.
the product of 200 equal factors is greater than the following product of 200 gradually smaller factors:.
(1 + 1 over 200) to the power of 200 greater than (1 + 1 over 200)(1 + 1 over 201)(1 + 1 over 202) and so on (1 + 1 over 399).
Convert each factor into a fraction:.
(1 + 1 over 200)(1 + 1 over 201) and so on (1 + 1 over 399) equals 201 over 200 times 202 over 201 times 203 over 202 times and so on times 400 over 399.
This is a telescoping product. After cancellation, only the first denominator and last numerator remain:.
201 over 200 times 202 over 201 times 203 over 202 times and so on times 400 over 399 equals 400 over 200 equals 2.
Therefore:.
1.005 to the power of 200 greater than 2.
Fill in: greater than.
5. Final Answer.
1.005 to the power of 200 greater than 2.
Final answer: greater than.